Relaxing ``HasField`` constraints (#515)
ghc-proposals/ghc-proposals: proposals/0000-hasfield-incoherence.rst

<https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/issues/21369>`_. In this issue,
``@parsonsmatt`` would like to write::

  instance
      ( SymbolToField sym ent typ
      , PersistEntity ent
      )
    =>
      HasField sym (Entity ent) typ
    where
      getField ent =
          view (persistFieldLens (symbolToField @sym @ent @typ)) ent

However, they are unable to as ``Entity`` is defined to have fields. The
workaround was to `redefine Entity without fields
<https://github.com/yesodweb/persistent/pull/1381/files>`_, but this is a
rather significant change, and if users wanted to pattern match on ``Entity``
as they would before, they now need a ``MonadFail`` constraint (due to matching
on a pattern synonym).

If the constraints blocking this instance were dropped, Matt could simply have
added the instance above.

Proposed Change Specification
-----------------------------

In the `overloaded record fields proposal
<https://github.com/ghc-proposals/ghc-proposals/blob/master/proposals/0023-overloaded-record-fields.rst>`_,
there is a `set of limitations
<https://github.com/ghc-proposals/ghc-proposals/blob/master/proposals/0023-overloaded-record-fields.rst#virtual-record-fields>`_

> as to when a user can declare custom ``HasField`` instances. These conditions
> are:

Reviewer: For clarity (it was hard to figure out, at first, whether these where case where you were allowed or disallowed to write instances)
```suggestion
as to when a user can declare custom ``HasField`` instances. These conditions
prevent defining a ``HasField`` instance when:
```
